FedCM tutorial should mention CORS header requirement (#38806)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fedcm_api/idp_integration/index.md

A request to this endpoint is sent as a result of the user choosing an account to sign in with from the relevant browser UI. When sent valid user credentials, this endpoint should respond with a validation token that the RP can use to validate the user on its own server, according to the usage instructions outlined by the IdP they are using for identity federation. Once the RP validates the user, they can sign them in, sign them up to their service, etc.

> > [!NOTE]
> > The ID assertion endpoint response **must** include the following CORS headers for the request to succeed:
> >
> > ```http
> > Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://rp.example
> > Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
> > ```
> >
> > The `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` must be set to the specific origin of the requester (the RP) and cannot be the wildcard value `*`. Without these headers, the request will fail with a network error (e.g., `ERR_FAILED` in Chrome).
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The ID assertion endpoint response must include the {{httpheader("Access-Control-Allow-Origin")}} and {{httpheader("Access-Control-Allow-Credentials")}} headers, and the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` must include the requester's origin:

```http
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://rp.example
Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
```

Note that the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` must be set to the specific origin of the requester (the RP) and cannot be the wildcard value `*`.

Without these headers, the request will fail with a network error.
````

I added links to the docs for these headers, and I don't think this should be a note. However, I also think this should be given its own H4 heading, something like "CORS headers for the ID assertion endpoint" , and should be moved to just before the section `#### ID assertion error responses` - that way the stuff about the request payload is not disconnected from the bit about sending the request.
